faqs = """
What is artificial intelligence? Artificial intelligence is the ability of machines to simulate human intelligence and perform tasks such as learning and decision making.
Why is artificial intelligence important today? Artificial intelligence helps automate complex tasks, analyze large amounts of data, and build intelligent applications.
What is machine learning? Machine learning is a technique where computers learn patterns from data and improve performance over time.
How is machine learning different from traditional programming? In traditional programming rules are written by humans, while in machine learning systems learn rules from data.
What is deep learning? Deep learning is a type of machine learning that uses neural networks with many layers to learn complex patterns.
What is a dataset in machine learning? A dataset is a collection of data used to train and evaluate machine learning models.
What is training data? Training data is the information used by a model to learn patterns and relationships.
What is testing data? Testing data is used to evaluate how well a trained model performs on unseen data.
What is overfitting? Overfitting occurs when a model learns the training data too well and fails to generalize to new data.
What is underfitting? Underfitting happens when a model is too simple and cannot capture patterns in the data.
Why is Python popular in data science? Python is easy to learn and has powerful libraries for machine learning and data analysis.
What are popular Python libraries for data science? Common libraries include NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, and Scikit-learn.
What is data analysis? Data analysis is the process of examining data to discover patterns and useful insights.
What is data visualization? Data visualization means presenting data using charts and graphs for better understanding.
What is a neural network? A neural network is a computational model inspired by the human brain that learns patterns from data.
What is natural language processing? Natural language processing allows computers to understand and generate human language.
What is a chatbot? A chatbot is a program that interacts with users and answers questions automatically.
What is a language model? A language model predicts the probability of words appearing in a sequence.
What is next word prediction? Next word prediction means predicting the most likely next word in a sentence.
Why are language models useful? Language models are used in chatbots, translation systems, search engines, and smart keyboards.
What is a token in NLP? A token is a small unit of text such as a word used in language processing.
What is text preprocessing? Text preprocessing is the process of cleaning and preparing text before training a model.
Why is data cleaning important? Clean data helps machine learning models learn better patterns and improve accuracy.
What is feature engineering? Feature engineering is the process of creating useful input features from raw data.
What is model training? Model training is the process where a machine learning algorithm learns patterns from data.
What is model evaluation? Model evaluation measures how well a trained model performs on new data.
What is accuracy in machine learning? Accuracy is the percentage of correct predictions made by the model.
What is a recommendation system? A recommendation system suggests products or content based on user behavior.
What is a predictive model? A predictive model uses historical data to forecast future outcomes.
What is a data scientist? A data scientist analyzes data and builds models to solve real world problems.
What is the role of statistics in data science? Statistics helps understand patterns, relationships, and uncertainty in data.
What is the difference between AI and machine learning? Artificial intelligence is a broad field while machine learning is a subset that learns from data.
What is cloud computing? Cloud computing allows users to store data and run applications on remote servers.
Why are real world projects important in learning? Projects help apply theoretical knowledge and improve practical skills.
What is automation? Automation means using technology to perform tasks with minimal human intervention.
What is big data? Big data refers to extremely large datasets that require specialized tools for processing.
What is data engineering? Data engineering focuses on building pipelines to collect, store, and process data.
What is model deployment? Model deployment means making a trained model available for real world use.
What is an API? An API allows different software systems to communicate with each other.
What is a machine learning pipeline? A machine learning pipeline is a sequence of steps used to build and deploy models.
What is the best way to learn machine learning? The best way is to combine theory with practice and build many projects.
Can beginners learn artificial intelligence? Yes beginners can start with Python and gradually move toward machine learning concepts.
What is the future of artificial intelligence? Artificial intelligence will continue transforming industries such as healthcare, finance, and education.
Why is continuous learning important in technology? Technology evolves quickly and professionals must keep learning to stay relevant.
"""